.Dd September 21, 2023
.Dt CONVERTDOI 5
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm convertdoi
.Nd input file format
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The file format for
.Nm
is structured in three different sections.
The file must be saved in UTF-8 format,
with Tab for field delimiter,
and double quotes for string delimiter.
.Ss VERSION SECTION
The first section consists of one line with two columns.
The first element is a comment for the version.
The second element is the version.
.Ss VOLUME SECTION
The second section cosists of two lines to describe the volume.
The first line is discarded as hint for the user
.Pp
The second line contains the following information of the volume:
.Bl -enum -compact
.It
ID of the volume for the URL on the website;
.It
title of the volume;
.It
name of the series;
.It
ISBN of the volume;
.It
ISSN of the volume;
.It
published of the volume;
.It
date of publishing of the volume;
.It
link to PDF version of the volume;
.It
link to PDF cover.
.El
.Ss ARTICLES SECTION
The last section takes the rest of the document to describe the articles.
The first line is discarded as hint for the user.
.Pp
Each following line contains the following information of the article:
.Bl -enum -compact
.It
ID of the article for the URL on the website;
.It
title of the volume (in case of new line, insert
.Qq \\\\n
);
.It
page range;
.It
document Object Identifier (DOI);
.It
link to article original PDF;
.It
link to article revised PDF;
.It
abstract;
.It
note;
.It
keywords;
.It
notes for citation.
.El
.Pp
After these, each author has 4 columns as follow:
.Bl -enum -compact
.It
name;
.It
surname;
.It
affiliation;
.It
ORCID.
.El
.Pp
In other words, an article with N authors will have 10 + (N*4) columns.
.Sh NOTES
Non compliance with this format should be considered an error.
